[Music]
hope
um okay see uh yeah may I only because
of my computer
aleandra so you tell me this is the
one yeah it is because of the my
computer um it's gonna be like that
unless you want me to use a PDF that's
the only thing I can do um enri um I
prefer share with my okay perfect my
computer is is resp let's hope so yes
choose to to share the entire screen if
you have the chance and that's going to
be
[Music]
it
is
so good afternoon and everybody I would
like to be to begin my thank you for the
invitation to participate in this
important event from Spain I am a family
doctor in Ral area and I will share two
clinical case of Muslim immigrant from
Morocco with diagnosis of paroni
schizophrenia
um the morac population residing in
Spain to today is a
900,000
Moroccans um I did my fa Works working
at the mental health of the Moroccan
population in a rural area of Spain I
will present two clinical case analyzing
the beliefs with the mental health of
the Muslim population from the north of
Morocco
the next
please the
next what
so um taking a while I I do believe that
that's a
problem I want to okay
I the live have a
[Music]
move yes and it's failing it's not
working let me see what going to do
like okay case one sleeping child Moran
cosmology or paranoid
schizophrenia Moran G who migrate with
her husband at the age of 25 to Spain
mother of three son she went to the
Health Center on multiple occasions with
complaint she denyed her husband for
gender based violence on several
occasion he suffered psychological abuse
used for several years during the
separation process she conduced the
medical service with the lotion idea of
pregnancy that the medical staff ruled
out through ultrasound and blue
test ER the other enri
please
the woman yeah okay the woman claim that
she took a diagnostic
test uh and she said is pregnant because
she she had repeated bleding and her
abdomen has begun to
grow after Consulting the hospital more
than seven time seven time about her
idea of pregnancy the doctor admitted
her to the hospital for the mentally
ills she was diagnosis with paranoia
schizophrenia because she thre she
thought she was
pregnant at the time of admission she
did not present
hallucination she compared with the
interview and she had not anxious s
symtoms she adapted normally to the
function function
functioning of the psychiatric
hospital accepted the rules had a good
relationship with the health staff and
another psychiatric patient and did not
alter the Sleep way
bathroom for 20 years she was prescribed
intramuscular treatment of
antipsychotic oral and
anlytics and she took them this
continuously with poor therapeutic add
according to the health
staff in general doctors are any aware
of the anthropologic origin of the
psychological distress of moral
compassion
when interviewing the patient diagnoses
with paranoid schizoph
she cosmology of the sleeping child in
morum patient the patient had scan
bleding due to a begin tumor in the
uterus that subside after
surgery the patient believes she had a
sleeping child who has not woken up for
20 years and according to her belief it
was because of her husand fright and
arents she s the sleeping child is a
social a strategy that g sometime use to
explain
infertility the patient has medicated
for 20 years with the diagnosis of
psychological pregnancy she took the
medication erratically erratically and
when she has hospital to remove the in
tumor the venine
tumor her delusions disappear and the
patient receive no further treatment or
hospital admission to Psychiatric
Centers the next
please Don Gon analyzed the concept of
violence in a graphic way to represent
the Dynamics of the generation of
violence in Social and social conflicts
according to gton violence is a like an
iceberg so visible violence is only a
small part of the conflict at the top of
the triangle as inivisible part of an
iceberg is D is direct violence submer
it not visible and much more voluminous
voluminous are structural and
cultural
violence
um now I I
classification the of the man Madness
From anthropologic perspective
I
I in this in this case I change this
classification and with a circle a
circle with three parts one part social
Madness another dra abuse Madness and
medical diagnosis
Madness social Madness
include sh
possession evil eyes conversion syndrome
pyot agitation the patient family
environment bless the shin for the
person up abnormal
compartment medical diagnosis Madness in
this case in this
circle ER in all all the
symtoms are established it slowly and
pro and
progressly and the other part drug abuse
Madness Shen induction of drug use and
abuse low self L of migor
project UNF to comply with social
numbers unemploy or social
exclusion the next please
okay according to my perfect St I have
modified the SE the trangle into a
circle composed of three parts no no
type of P another but they feed each
other and the origin can be any of
them being being of the three type of
violence not just the D War the three
type of violence interact and condition
each other so culture violence shos
[__] social normal social values
beliefs and
exorcises theic
violence include
Cal abuse py psychological abuse gender
based violence self-aggression and itero
aggressiveness and the other part of the
circle include structural
values in this
case in my opinion uh institutional
violence is the more important psychical
contain drug containment and
incapacitation the next
please in in this case I I try
explain uh the
beliefs um the mor bent
ER is in in in this
belief we we
need study the Quan and in Surah 72 all
Jin 72 of the is called Old shein this
Ur focus on the shin spirit is spiritual
veins created by Allah and mentions the
recognition of the Prophet Muhammad and
his message the Surah highlights how
some sh have sub submitted to Allah and
accept the
fight While others continue to go
right it is a s that un underscore the
important of the unn
knowledge Allah Authority and following
divines yeah
guys what say
she please the
next the
see
um they are ER they
are beliefs
that um they eat they drink they are
attracted by the blood and repelled by
the
salt created by the laugh from fire they
can be men or woman they cause
possession they can fall it in love with
their poset and they can even have
TI they have relation Muslim shws
Catholics they are free well speed
begin who go possession to
sleep the
next what happen to a person POS POS by
a shin the shin caus the possession of
the body of [__] people when they
suffer strong emotion frustration
fear
sadness contact with blood or are victim
of Witchcraft if they have internal
conflict forced motherhood moral
submission religious
idence the next
please um I saw different thing of
possession Di culture structur violence
the S the symptoms can range from
Hing
aggressiveness attack and scream from
the
victim
vomiti abdominal pain in woman insomnia
headache and back
backs poor memory is ISS speak in an Inc
compreh language
much less obviously behavor such
anything from Pro H to bad relation
including
homos
homosexuality the
next below I will show a short video of
of an exorcisms and the direct Str
structor and culture violence suffered
by my passion who believes they are
posit by
Spirits can
ER put the the
okay
enri can put the the video play the
video
so
um what what is the different state of
the violence culture and exor
I I
can so different stage diagnostic
negotiation with the shin symbolic
violence expulsion treatment and
pration so what is this diagnostic with
the
Shen I have witnessed exing rituals The
Man start with the question to the shin
through the patient to
diagnosis identify the relation of the
spirit to choose the type of ritual as
who send
it whether it is for witchcraft or the
Shen can Blade the patient for not
complying with Islamic
rules the another state is negotiation
with the sh in this case negotiation
consist of persuad
deposit body in return that deposit
complies with Islamic moral principle if
the shin resist a struggle begins and
the Helder can be Sprite with hot water
slap and then end when the
she exposing exposing of the body and TR
and probation in this expulsion stage
the patient made through offset and loc
motation made Ure in the tratment the
patient agreed to comply this moral
recommendation where amulet where
different hijab are not
used
another um the next
please
um and in this case case number two
mystical delusion versus Shin
possession a a 15 years old patient who
migrate with his [__] family to a rural
area of Spain 20 years ago the youngest
of seven sister and separate parents his
mother consulted the doctors because
because they heard him talking to
himself other time murmuring with God
gesticulation anguish and
H psychiatric diagnosis hit him with
paranoid schizophrenia and medicate him
with oral and injectable
antipsychotics the patient refus to
drink and believes he posit by the shin
and talk to
himself po adaptation to the social
environment self absorbed Ming with
monthly outward
outbe L of medical complaints and they
decide to perform an electr convulsive
therapy when the doctors prepar in in in
in the moment of preparation for EC
tratment impatient diagnosed with
schizophrenia and mystical delirium and
with pharmacological therapic
F the family fin finally his [__]
family decide to suspend to stop the
therapy and make a grade to screening
[__] and practice
exorcists the next
please current currently the young man
is 30 35 years old her mother has died
he lives with one of his sister the leg
of other to tr men persist because the
family believed that his posit by Yim B
MRA to Moro in search of exor continued
an admission to psychiatric hospital
without break due to L of tal Follow by
this family and her
mate the
next the patient said I was admitted
with without waiting to it was more of
aeration than Hospital everything was
locked everyone was absent you can
receive visitors he recalls the same day
I went in they start injecting me with
medication and N putting a finger in my
mouth to see if I had slowed the pill
and they had given
me they there they hold you among the
doctors they put a strap on my hand and
feet in the question is structal
violence and
pathologization why do drugs sometimes
not improve the patient clinical
symptoms
symptoms DS can be can be a useful tools
in tryment mental he uses
but they are not the only Sol solution
especially when it come to Muslim
immigrants the L of cultural medors can
contribute to misunder understanded and
bar barriers in communication between
health care professional and immigrant
patient the next
please the relation relationship between
mental health and the idea that sh can
be influenced mental health is often
based on own culture and
religious
interpretation in some situation people
make attrib with
hallucination delusion aggression and
another experience of mental dis disord
to the presence of influence of
shin morac patient travel from Spain to
Morocco to perform an exor or other
rituals to regain their
health
finally it is essential to analyze the
mental health of the [__] immigrant
population and in general is a holistic
way respecting people culture and
religious
beliefs mental health professionals must
be sensitive to these beliefs and work
collaborative collabora
collaboratively with communities to
ensure a
comprehens and culture competent
approach and articulating
knowledge thank thank
you very much for your
attention thank you
aleandra
fore
please just go ahead and ask aleandra
anything you you wish I will be looking
for the video of the exorcism
on
aleandra if nobody else wants to ask
when they go to Morocco does that work
for them do they come back with the same
or you see an
improvement yes um I I I
I
I I'll stay with with [__] people
during seven years ER work in in this
area in in Spain
and and I thought a different different
patient with this this problem
possession Sheen is very very frequently
in this
area um and the problem is that the
doctor
and don't know the problem and the the
indication is only ER the result so I I
want to explain another I want to plain
that the it's very important ER new the
the the problem because
the in this case the
patient ER is very important
articulate H the different treatment not
only um not only tratment H with ph with
with pharmacology it's very important
for the patient visit the I man
and and begin the The exor
Sims I I have the video now I'm going to
share it on on the P powerpoint online I
can do it yes wait one second and I I
hope the the sound is also going to be
shared
yes
that that is the only thing I don't know
how to do right now
the violence um
is the IM man to the person and the Iman
to the shein because is in this case the
patient believes in the sh
possession
In This Moment
theam
ER
intend talk with the shim and
negotiation to exp
Expo expel the sh of the body
in this case the
Imam
showed and if when you when
you stay here
is a difficult
moment because the patient was in a
state similar of syndrome conversion
at this
moment the I man
put on the abdom a a pice
of
compr compression on the
abdomen in this case we we
saw three types of violence cultural
estral and direct violence
violence
if you stop you can the the
V
[Applause]
[Music]
m
that's all and
re
perfect you were watching the video
right I shared properly yes okay thank
you I'm really looking forward for
somebody to askri go ahead
okay when
I will summarize if you don't mind yes
just go ahead and in Spanish
please
m
[Music]
cos
amban
El
inp
in
for
me
f
for
pisada
[Music]
Gra
andri yes I have been sharing the the
small transcript of what you have been
exchanging with
batri the well everybody can just read
it through I do believe that this is
going to be better and I have a question
aleandra the tumor during the 20 years
she was bleeding on top of holding the
belief in the sleeping
child and there was no medical test
whatsoever on the physicality of
that that is really
telling H the tumor
um is um Bing
tumor
so in this case the doctors
not
for
yeah it was Bening they knew and they
prefer not to take it because it was
just too common and not a
problem
okay and at the end
got solved the belief the medication the
the draging at some point it sto how
what what happened how that came to be
Etc that is like the
resolution yes
when
or
fore
for
e
yeah Alejandra is asking is saying that
cultural mediators are very important we
should have them that this patient for
20 years kept on believing what it was
assumed was the reasoning our kind of
medical
doctors H use as she's believing that do
she is paranoid and schizophrenic she
took the medication she kept on
believing up to the point that she got
the intervention for the tumor out the
bleeding and also there is no no issue
no problem she didn't on her own potion
take medication anymore when nobody was
forcing
her this is in this
case
do you want to introduce the other one
or go ahead with the possessions
anything
else
no okay it's fantastic aleandra thank
you so much thank you so much for you
and
it is something that we we just simply
don't know even Anthropologist we don't
not know how this works and it's
shameful the genes the different
different coso cosmologist and asking
which revision you were from and in
previous life what is this exactly it's
it's amazing that we do not dare to Del
deep and take it seriously as it
is yeah thank you so much Alejandra
thank you thank you for you thank
you Peter CRA do you want to just jump
in if not Alejandra I assume that it was
previous life but it's a different kind
of being
um
gen is a being created by Allah it can
go inside the the body of a human being
it's a
spirit um the spirit h
they they they have preference for
sweets but they do not like salt so salt
is used to scare away they as people
that holds dis belief and want to scare
them away positions the salt in place in
the house to the
corner metal is something they don't
like
that's why the mother of the boy in the
second
example place keiss in the hands of his
son her son my apologies to let the Gin
know that she's offering
way
out all family was showing conversion
syndromes every
week
okay it was every week eight persons in
that family showing conversion syndroms
which
aleandra in any case this the team the
psychiatrist that was treating them they
didn't know what to do with the boy or
anybody
an
what it was simply Mal alignment with
the context that they were
living manifested by paralysis in the
face anxiety other stuff that the
medical doctors did attempt to treat
with drugs or whichever the mechanism
that we are used to yet you they didn't
find how
to and what was the resolution in this
one if the
family
pH
conflict they they went back to Morocco
they did the
joury visit the temple spray and that
that help them
to to get over the if it was excis they
had also that kind of things we don't
know that a victory is a really a
fascinating case if you want to treat it
like that that they they did manage
right
anyhow Alejandra it is a wonderful Line
work and hope hopefully we're going to
learn all together way more share to me
with me anything you want and I will
post it once once the recording are on
yeah okay okay I'll give you um my my
thesis
complete fantastic and on my end I don't
know have any other question I will just
let Peter and CRA go ahead thank you so
much Alejandra
bye thank you thank you for
you
[Music]